Why are you questioning my vision?
Xiaoyong
This porcelain vase
You quote a price
I will never bargain
first meeting
This porcelain vase
It was supposed to be given to you as a meeting gift.
But I'm really desperate for money.
Look at the others
I'll take your 2 million
This one.
Master Qiu, I heard that you are not as good as antique appreciation
Medicine also studies ancient writing quite a bit
You stick your finger in and probe
Maybe there will be surprises
It's a lie
That porcelain vase just now was just lucky
What's so amazing about this broken box?
If I guessed correctly
Inside this box
Engraved with under-seat text
How do you know that?
Are you stealing again?
I came across a book once.
It is said to be under the knee to prevent the loss of words
They will secretly record
Box like this
Is one of the recording methods
You're asking too little 2 million
I 2.20 million